So we're nearing the end.
What's missing is that we can book a place right now if you book we get this action bar and here in
this motel I want to render a nice forum that allows a user to enter some booking details like let's
say a first name a last name the number of guests that will stay here.
I mean I'll name this app pair B and B.
But maybe you want to bring an extra guest for more fun or whatever.
So let's say you can pick more than Q people let's say you can pick if you're coming alone because you're
a pretty sad pair or you're coming with your partner or you're coming with your partner and a good friend.
So I wanna have a dropdown that allows us to pick the number of guests and also of course want to render
some date inputs here where we can pick the range in which we want to stay at this place.
So that will be the form that I want to build here and I will build it entirely with the template driven
approach.
Let's go back to code and let's have a look at the model here.
That is our create booking page here of course where we have to book button right now and only the place
description up here.
I don't care so much about the description.
Instead now it's about rendering a nice form for that form here on the create booking page or this component.
Let's add I Ingrid.
So did we have full control over the positioning and our eye column where I will add a size size S M
off six and offset s m of free for nice centering and less with on bigger devices and then the first
column here I want to fetch the first name of a person.
So add I an item here with an I label whereas say first name at the position off this label will be
floating below that we have to buy an input with type of text and then since I will use the template
driven approach energy model added a name added which you can be first dash name for example and I'll
also add the required validator.
Now I can also already wrap the entire grid with a formula because as I mentioned I will use the template
driven approach and Dale four wheel needs that form tag for angular two detectives by the way for Dad
it's always important that the module that declares create booking imports to form this module.
Now back to this template here.
This is the first row I want to add with the first name.
Now it's not the only one all duplicate that to also get the last name here the name here all the input
can be last name therefore type is still text of course.
And then I want to have the number of guests.
So let's render a number.
Row here and the label could say number of guests.
And then here I'll not use the I an input but a narrow component which we haven't seen yet ion select.
Now you probably know the default h him out select which is the default HDL dropdown and I select works
pretty much the same.
It is a wrapper around the default H2 mount select element you could say and as always the official
ionic docs are the place to go to learn all about this component.
So I can select now gets a name which is guest number.
And it also receives n g model here.
However here I will bind and you model with square brackets to a default value of Q and this is important
because I'll now add free options and I want to preselect option 2.
We can change that but I want to start with that once elected so that there is always a selection for
this.
So let's now add a i n select option and such an option needs a value for me the values will be 1 2
and 3.
So here I'll start with value 1 and then what actually gets displayed on the screen is Andrew between
the opening closing tag of I'll select option.
So here it's 1.
Now I'll also have 2 and 3 and also update the value here which is the data that is received behind
the scenes.
And we're good and now because I have value 2 here and I set D and entire select to a default value
of 2 this option here will be preselected Now let's have a look at the dates because there will do more
than we did before.